docs: Cover optional fields in views (#901)
lightbend/akkaserverless-java-sdk: docs/src/modules/java/pages/views.adoc

|===

==== Optional fields

> Fields in a Protobuf message that was not given a value is handled as [the default value](https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers/docs/proto3#default) of the field data type.

Reviewer: small grammar fix: either singular `A field` or `Any field`, or use `were` and `are` to match the plural.

```suggestion
Fields in a Protobuf message that were not given a value are handled as [the default value](https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers/docs/proto3#default) of the field data type.
```

In some use cases it is important to explicitly express that a value is missing, doing that in a view column can be done in three ways:

 * mark the message field as `optional`
 * use one of the Protobuf "wrapper" types for the field (messages in the package `google.protobuf` ending with `Value`)

>  * make the field a part of a nested message and omit that whole nested message, for example `address.street` where there lack of an `address` message implies there is no `street` field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * make the field a part of a nested message and omit that whole nested message, for example `address.street` where the lack of an `address` message implies there is no `street` field.
```

Optional fields with values present can be queried just like regular view fields:

----
SELECT * FROM customers WHERE phone_number = :number
----

Finding results with missing values can be done using `IS NULL`:

----
SELECT * FROM customers WHERE phone_number IS NULL
----

Finding entries with any value present can be queried using `IS NOT NULL`:

----
SELECT * FROM customers WHERE phone_number IS NOT NULL
----

> Optional fields in query requests messages are handled like normal fields if they have a value, however a missing optional request parameters are seen as an invalid request and lead to a bad request response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optional fields in query requests messages are handled like normal fields if they have a value, however missing optional request parameters are seen as an invalid request and lead to a bad request response.
```
